hello very good to all I am maximum and
we are here in a new video a new
a new trick I've been looking for this
type of tricks in
on social networks in all kinds of
pages and found nothing by the
style so good I'm one of the
first to upload the trick of duplicating
the cars in version 1.0 7 so
I would greatly appreciate that
spread this this video do not share
this video with your friends but
a lot of hassle said this the first thing that
we have to do is take out the car worth
we need to have a car that is not
luxurious that can be taken from the street
ok and well then take it out
obviously take it out the next
step is we need to have we need
have a friend next to the garage to
to shoot us just when when
let's go in
it's like that the trick then we get into
the car we approach the garage when
just when we are going to approach
we warn of our partner now
now now he has to kill us then
It kills us, it hits us, a blast kills us and
then the car will be duplicated as
that is doubled well now what
we will see we put fast camera so that
do not be so heavy do not get bored
and then when we go to ride in
the car when they killed us it puts
full garage like like full farms and
everything and we got the good vehicle
we give the X, we enter inside
from the garage and then to see is now
is loading and then now
and it will put us that we have to replace
a vehicle although there is no way I have
vehicle of the vehicles I have
destroyed were downloadable content
so we give you to replace vehicle and
As you can see, the vehicle has been replaced
forgiveness has doubled and this is the
trick is that easy that's how it is
simple for all families to
all ages for everyone is worth
and nothing this is all I hope that I have
liked as I always hope that
enjoy this trick that you enjoy
the trick that you use him and nothing I hope
that you have liked as always
thank you very much to all who
you vote those who comment those who are
there day by day supporting a lot
thank you and nothing a greeting and see you in
the next goodbye